<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="title">Documentation</ui:define>
    
    <ui:define name="head">
        <style type="text/css">
            .docs h1 {
                margin-top: 30px;
            }
            
            .docs h1:first-child {
                margin-top: 0;
            }
            
            .docs pre {
                background-color: #edf0f5;
                padding: 1em;
                font-family: monospace;;
            }
        </style>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="content">
    
        <div class="ui-g">
            <div class="ui-g-12">
                <div class="card docs">
                    <h1>Layout</h1>
                    <p>Omega provides a main template.xhtml and additional topbar, sidebar and footer fragments for the base layout. 
                        These xhtml files must be placed under WEB-INF folder and client pages should reference the template.xhtml as their template. 
                        Provided empty-page.xhtml is a sample content page using the main template.xhtml that defines "content" as the main ui:define placeholder.</p>
                    
                    <p>Other required resources are the css, js and images that are located inside resources/omega-layout folder, simply copy the omega-layout folder to your %WEB-APP-FOLDER%/resources folder 
                        so that final path would be %WEB-APP-FOLDER%/resources/omega-layout/. Please refer to demo app or maven project of the demo app as the reference.</p>
                    
                    <h1>Theme</h1>    
                    <p>Omega layout depends on the Omega theme of PrimeFaces that is available since 6.0. 
                        Setup is simple as defining primefaces.THEME context parameter in web.xml such as "omega".</p>
                        
                    <h1>Menu</h1>    
                    <p>Menu is a regular JSF component that supports PrimeFaces MenuModel API allowing both declarative and programmatic approaches. 
                    State is saved via a cookie and to remove it define a widgetVar to the menu and call PF('yourwidgetvar').clearMenuState(). To use the menu
                    add the omega-menu.jar to your classpath and import the http://primefaces.org/omega namespace.</p>
                    
                    <p>Menu becomes collapsed automatically in screens smaller than 1024px and it can be toggled on demand using the 
                    menu button at the top bar in larger screens as well. In a large screen, if you'd like to display the menu as collapsed by default,
                    <i>sidebar-inactive-l</i> class to the main wrapper div (&lt;div class="wrapper"&gt;).</p>
<pre>
xmlns:po="http://primefaces.org/omega">

&lt;po:menu&gt;
&lt;/po:menu&gt;
</pre>  
                        
                    <h1>Icons</h1>
                    <p>Omega Layout uses font awesome icons for layout so enable font awesome support in PrimeFaces by setting primefaces.FONT_AWESOME context parameter in web.xml as true. If your PrimeFaces version 
                    does not have the font awesome integration, include the font-awesome manually in your application.</p>
                    
                    <p>Default icons of Omega theme are png based and Omega Layout enhances them using sharp looking font awesome icons as well.</p>
                    
                    <h1>Cards</h1>
                    <p>Card is a section to group content and layout provides a built-in css for it. Apply .card style class to your container to use it.</p>
<pre>
&lt;div class="card"&gt;
    Content here
&lt;/div&gt;
</pre>  
                    
                    <h1>Grid CSS</h1>
                    <p>Omega uses new PrimeFaces Grid CSS throughout the samples, we strongly suggest using Grid CSS as your layout framework as it is well tested and supported by PrimeFaces. Grid CSS 
                    is automatically included on newer versions however if your PrimeFaces version is older than 5.3.14, add the provided grid.css file under /omega-layout/css/ folder to your template manually.</p>            
                
                    <h1>SASS</h1>
                    <p>Omega is implemented using sass where the pages are organized in different scss files under sass folder such as
                    _dashboard.scss, _login.scss, _main.scss. The _variables.scss file contains common parameters like fontSize, menu colors and more.
                    When doing customizations to omega, you need to make changes to the .scss files and generate a css file called layout.css under
                    omega-layout/css folder. The sass command to execute when at the root folder of the application would be;</p>

<pre>
sass src/main/webapp/resources/sass/layout.scss src/main/webapp/resources/omega-layout/css/layout.css --sourcemap=none
</pre> 

                    <p>Watch mode is handy to avoid compiling everytime when a change is made, instead use the following command
                    so that sass generates the file whenever you make a customization.</p>
<pre>
sass -w src/main/webapp/resources/sass/layout.scss:src/main/webapp/resources/omega-layout/css/layout.css --sourcemap=none
</pre> 

                    <h1>Migration Guide</h1>
                    <p>1.1.3 to 1.1.4</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Update layout.js and layout css files</li>
                        <li>Replace theme jar with new jar</li>
                    </ul>
                    <p>1.1.1 to 1.1.2</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Update layout.js and layout css files</li>
                        <li>Replace theme jar with new jar</li>
                        <li>Update *MenuRenderer.java and *Menu.java</li>
                    </ul>
                    
                    <p>1.1 to 1.1.1</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Update layout.js and layout.css</li>
                    </ul>
                    
                    <p>1.0.3 to 1.1</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Update layout.js and layout.css</li>
                        <li>Update &lt;div class="profile"&gt; inside sidebar.xhtml with new content in template.</li>
                    </ul>
                    
                    <p>1.0.2 to 1.0.3</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Update layout.js and layout.css</li>
                        <li>Include animate.css</li>
                    </ul>
                                        
                    <p>1.0.1 to 1.0.2</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Update template.xhtml</li>
                    </ul>
                    
                    <p>1.0 to 1.0.1</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Include omega-menu.jar</li>
                    </ul>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>